DEVX-2488: TIMESTAMP datatype, timezone conversion, JDBC sink connector KT (#760)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/connect-sink-timestamp/ksql/markup/answer/short-answer.adoc

> First convert the column to a `TIMESTAMP`, then use `CONVERT_TZ` to convert the timestamp to a different timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First use the ksqlDB function `FROM_UNIXTIME` to convert a data field type from `BIGINT` to `TIMESTAMP`, and use the ksqlDB function `CONVERT_TZ` to change the timestamp to the desired timezone.
```

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="sql">{% include_raw tutorials/connect-sink-timestamp/ksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/create-from-stream.sql  %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Then create a sink connector that uses the Kafka topic with the converted timezone data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then create a sink connector that reads from the ksqlDB output topic with the converted timezone data.
```

> Afterward create a sink connector that reads from the ksqlDB output topic with the converted timezone data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterward, deploy a sink connector that reads from the ksqlDB output topic with the converted timezone data and writes to the target database.
```
